Can you get the support of a lot of big people?
Master Xiao, you are finally here
Thank you for the invitation this time.
Don't worry, wait for the arrival of the five military officers.
I will definitely point out Xiao Chen with Lin Shao
Let him die
Xiao Dao Xiao Chen
Long time no see!
Won't you win if you see me?
Gui Ying, you don't deserve it
You killed your parents
After kicking me out of the Xiao family
There's only blood between us
waste
Now Mr. Xiao
Not just the successor of the Xiao family, the first family of the Dragon Kingdom
inherit and
The Xiao family also received the favor of the five military lords
The king will be at the king's banquet
Master Sheng Xiao is the only disciple
Who dares to be disrespectful
Everyone says this trash should kneel
Of course you should kneel
Master Xiao
About to become Lord Wu Weijun's closed disciple
It won't be long
He is the next Wuwei Army of the Dragon Kingdom
See him, see Lord Wu Weijun
See Xiao Big Jump
Xiao Chen Liu Qingxue
When you saw Master Xiao, you didn't kneel down and worship
Do you not take the Xiao family and Young Master Xiao seriously?
I don't take Lord Wu Weijun seriously
You said he was a close disciple of the king
I don't know.
This is just a means for their Xiao family to raise their worth and
Just a lie
And even if he really was
That should be him kneeling down to me
Nonsense
Hearing what you mean, you are the five army lords
Yes, exactly.
How dare you offend my master like this?
Riding sin as a pig
Somebody drag this crap out of here
Break his four dog legs and argue again
Suzaku Shura
Get me to the army
Flies are too noisy
Clean it up
Hahaha, you dog thing is also stained.
Who do you think you are?
Suzaku God of War is the god general of the country
A strong party
King Shura is also the king of the underground
high weight
You can still call them here
Hmph, who are you scaring?
Since he wants to act
Then let him play
Wait a minute, those two big shots didn't come
I'll see how he puts it on
What are the specifications of Jun Wangyan?
How can the clown jump the beam and make nonsense
I'm really waiting for the big shot to come
This banquet of my master
It was ruined by this dog thing
Look, you have no right to kick me out
There is no me at this king's banquet today
Can't do it at all